README.md, before:

# Chat foodie

<p align="left">
    <img src="docs/chatfoodie_logo.png" width="80%"/>
</p>

food recommendation chatbot with LLM fine tuning.

> 2023 graduation project from Pusan Nat'l Univ.

## [Chatbot](https://github.com/jagaldol/chat-foodie/tree/dev/chatbot)

### ChatFoodie(ChatFoodie KoAlpaca Polyglot-ko-5.8B-v1.0) Model

model that trained QLoRA with 8,000 self-instruct datasets.

![Training Loss](./chatbot/fine-tuning/images/train-loss-5epoch.png)

- Base Model: [beomi/KoAlpaca-Polyglot-5.8B](https://huggingface.co/beomi/KoAlpaca-Polyglot-5.8B)
- Our LoRA: [sm136599/chatfoodie-koalpaca-polyglot-5_8b-5150step-8batch_5epoch](https://huggingface.co/sm136599/chatfoodie-koalpaca-polyglot-5_8b-5150step-8batch_5epoch)

### Example of Deploy Websocket API with Google Colab

you can try Deploy Websocket API in Google Colab.

- [Deploy_chatbot_server_as_public_with_colab.ipynb](https://github.com/jagaldol/chat-foodie/blob/dev/chatbot/Deploy_chatbot_server_as_public_with_colab.ipynb) <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/jagaldol/chat-foodie/blob/dev/chatbot/Deploy_chatbot_server_as_public_with_colab.ipynb" target="_parent"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"/></a>

## Server(Spring boot)

### dependency

- java version: [JAVA 17.0.2](https://jdk.java.net/archive/)
- spring boot version: 3.1.0
- mysql version : 8.0.34

### ERD

![chatfoodie_db](/docs/chatfoodie_db.png)

> You can also view in [**ERD Cloud**](https://www.erdcloud.com/d/YgByDk5gvBG6mGxHS)

### API documentation

You can view a list of all APIs and their documents at [server's README](https://github.com/jagaldol/chat-foodie/tree/dev/server)

## Front

webpage implementation of chatFoodie.

### language / library

- typescript
- Next.js 13
- tailwindcss
- axios

### Directory Structure

```
client
├─── public             # Images, svg, logo...
|
└─── src
    │
    ├── app             # Page routing, only have layout.tsx/page.tsx
    │
    │
    ├── components      # Components recycled on multiple pages
    │
    │
    ├── containers      # UI components that are not recycled on multiple pages
    │
    │
    ├── styles          # CSS(tailwind) files and other styles file
    │
    │
    ├── types           # types used global
    │
    │
    └── utils           # util functions
```

## DEMO PAGE

### [Introduction Page](https://chatfoodie.net/)

![introdcution page](/docs/main-page.png)

You can see our introduction of chatfoodie in this page.

### [Chat Page](https://chatfoodie.net/chat)

![chat page](/docs/chat-page.png)

You can chat with foodie in this page.

It's Design is ChatGPT-like style thia intuitviely indicates that it's an AI chat.

## Collaboratory

2023 전기 부산대학교 정보컴퓨터공학부 졸업과제

팀 **쩝쩝학사**

|      [[팀장] 안혜준](https://github.com/jagaldol)       |          [박성민](https://github.com/sm136599)          |          [박진영](https://github.com/icarus012832)          |
| :-----------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://github.com/jagaldol.png" width="100"> | <img src="https://github.com/sm136599.png" width="100"> | <img src="https://github.com/icarus012832.png" width="100"> |

Commit message:

docs: Add demo page in README

README.md, after:

# Chat foodie

<p align="left">
    <img src="docs/chatfoodie_logo.png" width="80%"/>
</p>

food recommendation chatbot with LLM fine tuning.

> 2023 graduation project from Pusan Nat'l Univ.

## DEMO PAGE

### [Introduction Page](https://chatfoodie.net/)

![introdcution page](/docs/main-page.png)

You can see our introduction of chatfoodie in this page.

### [Chat Page](https://chatfoodie.net/chat)

![chat page](/docs/chat-page.png)

You can chat with foodie in this page.

It's Design is **ChatGPT-like style** that intuitviely indicates that it's an AI chat.

> If you are a **non-member, you can chat 20 times a day**. If you want more than that, sign up and log in to enjoy all the features!

## [Chatbot](https://github.com/jagaldol/chat-foodie/tree/dev/chatbot)

### ChatFoodie(ChatFoodie KoAlpaca Polyglot-ko-5.8B-v1.0) Model

model that trained QLoRA with 8,000 self-instruct datasets.

![Training Loss](./chatbot/fine-tuning/images/train-loss-5epoch.png)

- Base Model: [beomi/KoAlpaca-Polyglot-5.8B](https://huggingface.co/beomi/KoAlpaca-Polyglot-5.8B)
- Our LoRA: [sm136599/chatfoodie-koalpaca-polyglot-5_8b-5150step-8batch_5epoch](https://huggingface.co/sm136599/chatfoodie-koalpaca-polyglot-5_8b-5150step-8batch_5epoch)

### Example of Deploy Websocket API with Google Colab

you can try Deploy Websocket API in Google Colab.

- [Deploy_chatbot_server_as_public_with_colab.ipynb](https://github.com/jagaldol/chat-foodie/blob/dev/chatbot/Deploy_chatbot_server_as_public_with_colab.ipynb) <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/jagaldol/chat-foodie/blob/dev/chatbot/Deploy_chatbot_server_as_public_with_colab.ipynb" target="_parent"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"/></a>

## Server(Spring boot)

### dependency

- java version: [JAVA 17.0.2](https://jdk.java.net/archive/)
- spring boot version: 3.1.0
- mysql version : 8.0.34

### ERD

![chatfoodie_db](/docs/chatfoodie_db.png)

> You can also view in [**ERD Cloud**](https://www.erdcloud.com/d/YgByDk5gvBG6mGxHS)

### API documentation

You can view a list of all APIs and their documents at [server's README](https://github.com/jagaldol/chat-foodie/tree/dev/server)

## Front

webpage implementation of chatFoodie.

### language / library

- typescript
- Next.js 13
- tailwindcss
- axios

### Directory Structure

```
client
├─── public             # Images, svg, logo...
|
└─── src
    │
    ├── app             # Page routing, only have layout.tsx/page.tsx
    │
    │
    ├── components      # Components recycled on multiple pages
    │
    │
    ├── containers      # UI components that are not recycled on multiple pages
    │
    │
    ├── styles          # CSS(tailwind) files and other styles file
    │
    │
    ├── types           # types used global
    │
    │
    └── utils           # util functions
```

## DEMO PAGE

### [Introduction Page](https://chatfoodie.net/)

![introdcution page](/docs/main-page.png)

You can see our introduction of chatfoodie in this page.

### [Chat Page](https://chatfoodie.net/chat)

![chat page](/docs/chat-page.png)

You can chat with foodie in this page.

It's Design is ChatGPT-like style thia intuitviely indicates that it's an AI chat.

## Collaboratory

2023 전기 부산대학교 정보컴퓨터공학부 졸업과제

팀 **쩝쩝학사**

|      [[팀장] 안혜준](https://github.com/jagaldol)       |          [박성민](https://github.com/sm136599)          |          [박진영](https://github.com/icarus012832)          |
| :-----------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------------------------: |
| <img src="https://github.com/jagaldol.png" width="100"> | <img src="https://github.com/sm136599.png" width="100"> | <img src="https://github.com/icarus012832.png" width="100"> |
